[16-bit state variables, r1=4, r2=9]

RNG_test using PractRand version 0.94
RNG = RNG_stdin16, seed = unknown
test set = core, folding = standard (16 bit)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 8 megabytes (2^23 bytes), time= 0.1 seconds
  no anomalies in 110 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 16 megabytes (2^24 bytes), time= 0.4 seconds
  no anomalies in 121 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 32 megabytes (2^25 bytes), time= 0.6 seconds
  no anomalies in 132 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 64 megabytes (2^26 bytes), time= 1.0 seconds
  no anomalies in 144 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 128 megabytes (2^27 bytes), time= 1.7 seconds
  no anomalies in 156 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 256 megabytes (2^28 bytes), time= 2.6 seconds
  no anomalies in 169 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 512 megabytes (2^29 bytes), time= 4.1 seconds
  no anomalies in 183 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 1 gigabyte (2^30 bytes), time= 6.8 seconds
  no anomalies in 196 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 2 gigabytes (2^31 bytes), time= 11.8 seconds
  no anomalies in 209 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 4 gigabytes (2^32 bytes), time= 21.7 seconds
  no anomalies in 221 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 8 gigabytes (2^33 bytes), time= 41.7 seconds
  no anomalies in 233 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 16 gigabytes (2^34 bytes), time= 81.5 seconds
  no anomalies in 244 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 32 gigabytes (2^35 bytes), time= 161 seconds
  no anomalies in 255 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 64 gigabytes (2^36 bytes), time= 326 seconds
  no anomalies in 266 test result(s)

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 128 gigabytes (2^37 bytes), time= 654 seconds
  Test Name                         Raw       Processed     Evaluation
  DC6-9x1Bytes-1                    R=  +8.1  p =  1.1e-3   unusual          
  ...and 276 test result(s) without anomalies

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 256 gigabytes (2^38 bytes), time= 1300 seconds
  Test Name                         Raw       Processed     Evaluation
  DC6-9x1Bytes-1                    R= +10.3  p =  2.0e-4   mildly suspicious
  ...and 287 test result(s) without anomalies

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 512 gigabytes (2^39 bytes), time= 2623 seconds
  Test Name                         Raw       Processed     Evaluation
  DC6-9x1Bytes-1                    R= +19.3  p =  1.4e-7   very suspicious  
  ...and 297 test result(s) without anomalies

rng=RNG_stdin16, seed=unknown
length= 1 terabyte (2^40 bytes), time= 5240 seconds
  Test Name                         Raw       Processed     Evaluation
  DC6-9x1Bytes-1                    R= +37.8  p =  6.0e-14    FAIL           
  ...and 307 test result(s) without anomalies
